Up to 4 players



Modes:

Normal
each player takes X turns one after the other (basically, normal chess)
each player takes X turns concurrently
each player can take a turn every X time (move as fast as you can)
players have X seconds to queue up moves. All moves then happen at once, earlier moves with higher priority. Moves are converted to attacks where possible, and vice-versa. Arrows indicate moves.

Victory conditions:
Kill the opponent's {Piece}
Kill all opponent pieces
Kill (x number) opponent pieces.

name
ping
num moves/can move
bot/human
team

chat/team chat

board
board scrolling

game rules

Build own team mode
Change board size

Moves per turn customization


knights can move in a line of 3 long
fluxx chess/knightmare chess

FORMATION BROKEN - Randomized start positions
B TEAM - Piece types are randomized at the start of the round.
ROUND EARTH - The left and right edges wrap around.
NO GODS - Any player can move any piece
ADVANCED WARFARE - Piece take multiple attacks to be killed.
-NO RETREAT - Pieces can only move forward or horizontal, till reaching the end; Then they turn around and repeat.
HO CHI MINH - pieces can move through other pieces
PATIENCE - Players may skip their turns.
-DIVINE WIND - a capturing piece also dies
Chained captures - Limitation???
EXPENDABLE - When a piece is killed, it respawns, killing whatever was at the spawn.
REINFORCEMENTS - pieces can be placed in from a reserve on any spawn point
CIVIL WAR - Pieces are not removed from the board when captured, but relocated to a new location
OUT OF POSITION - players swap positions
RISKY DEPLOYMENT - Players place pieces one after the other
SUMO - Pieces are not captured, instead they are knocked back. Knocking off the board eliminates.
FIRING SQUAD - Pieces do not move when they kill other pieces
FOREIGN GROUND - Fog of war
GREATER GOOD - Own pieces can be captured
COLD WAR - Each turn, choose a friendly piece to die.
SIEGE - When not on spawn, if a piece cannot move, it dies.
COORDINATED - Every piece that can move, must move. Resets once all pieces have either moved or cannot move.
LOYALTY - X piece cannot be killed by Y piece
PROMOTION - Pieces are promoted upon getting a kill. Or restart their career.
BRAVE AND STUPID - If there is are pieces that can attack, one of them must attack.
DENIABLE OPS - Pieces are invisible on dark tiles.
ALLIED ASSAULT - Players on the same team can control the each others units

Pawn - 
King - 
Queen - 
Bishop - 
Castle - 
Horse - 
Bomber - Loyal. Psychologically degraded. Move and attack any direction. Explodes when attacking or attacked. Attack from safe distance.
Beast - ??? Move and attack cardinals up to 2. Paralyse adjacent units.
Hologram - Cutting edge illusion. Cannot attack. Move any direction. Swap places with friendly pieces
Shifter - Untrustworthy. Liability. Alternate between cardinal and diagonal movement.
Checker - Acrobatic foreigner. Move forward diagonals. Leap over and destroy those in the way. Promotion at end of board.
Weaponized youth - Innocence, weaponized. Attacking this piece turns the attacker to the piece's team. Move and attack diagonals.

Hoard - one side has a bunch of pawns
War fatigue - Players do not spawn with pawns.
Trench warfare - 2x15 board size, 2 players
Cheker - Checkers, with wrapping edges
Holy war - Only holograms and bishops.

Desk fan
Desk plant
Framed photo
Church model
Miniature console
Coffee
Lamp
Game dev gun
Deer head

tile blockers
+ shaped board
L shaped board

The power lever is radioactive, which is why it glows in the dark.
